Modern operating systems so large (on the order of xxxxxxx lines of code) that they
are divided into layers.  At the bottom, nearest to the machine, is a collection
of hardware drivers.

What is a kernel?
The kernel is the software layer between user-space programs and hardware drivers.
This is the largest software layer in the operating system construct; it is
tasked with maintaining the filesystem, ensuring user-space processes do not
interfere with each other, and scheduling processes in a fair and reasonable manner.

Kernel programming is among the most difficult of modern programming.

What is a distro?
A distro is a collection of software, precompiled for use.
It includes a kernel, with any number of hardware drivers precompiled, and
a collection of user-space programs.

It's relatively easy to produce your own distribution; anyone can do it.

What tasks do the


The Linux Command Line, page 172
The most important determinant of distribution quality is the packaging system and the
vitality of the distribution's support community. As we spend more time with Linux, we
see that its software landscape is extremely dynamic. Things are constantly changing.
Most of the top-tier Linux distributions release new versions every six months and many
individual program updates every day. To keep up with this blizzard of software, we need
good tools for package management.

The more I've used Linux, the more I've come to appreciate good software.
When I go back to Windows, all the little things that formerly struck me as
minor annoyances-- programs hanging and crashing, obtuse UI, intrusive privacy
policies, needing an account for everything, etc-- have become
telltale signs of crummy software.

Debian is old and stable; as an analogy, consider a washing machine.
Consumerism today dictates that you buy a new washing machine every five or
ten years.  They have become more complicated, unnecessarily including LCD screens;
they have become more efficient(TM), they have forty settings for washing
your new gel-based mattress-liner, hypoallergenic-ly.
One could go their entire life hopping from washing machine to washing machine,
always spending more money, always wishing they had spent more money,
always looking forward to spending more money.

The alternative is to buy a simple commercial washing machine.
This thing <i>just works.</i>  You need clothes washed?  This thing washes
clothes.  It's gonna last twenty years, right off, and when
it does fail, you know you'll be able to get it fixed, no problem.

wiki.osdev.org
