Describe life without package managers

Structure of a package:
    Data
    Metadata

Nice Source:
https://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/debian-reference/ch02.en.html
"""
    The apt command is a high-level commandline interface for package management.
    It is basically a wrapper of apt-get, apt-cache and similar commands,
    originally intended as an end-user interface and enables some options
    better suited for interactive usage by default.
    apt provides a friendly progress bar when installing packages using apt install.
    apt will remove cached .deb packages by default after sucessful installation of downloaded packages.

    Users are recommended to use the new apt(8) command for
    interactive usage and use the apt-get(8) and apt-cache(8) commands in the shell script.
"""

The Linux Command Line, page 172
The most important determinant of distribution quality is the packaging system and the
vitality of the distribution's support community. As we spend more time with Linux, we
see that its software landscape is extremely dynamic. Things are constantly changing.
Most of the top-tier Linux distributions release new versions every six months and many
individual program updates every day. To keep up with this blizzard of software, we need
good tools for package management.

Debian

	Don't like:
	apt search golang -> Returns over 1000 results; can't locate compiler;                      "76,000?  Those are rookie numbers."
	    github repositories on Debian packages?
	    Poor solution: Detracts from usability of command-line package management
	    Also, is this even checked?
	    Also, Go has it's own package manager, "go-get"!


	How to install random .deb:
	    navigate shell to containing directory
	    sudo apt install <my_random_unsafe_package>.deb

	meta-packages:
	    Existant throughout package managers


Arch:
	Rolling release:
		Each package is expected to be compatible only with the latest set of packages.

	Synchronize:
		Arch Linux Wiki:
		Master Server


Python:
